---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "discord_permission Data Source - discord"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A simple helper to get computed bit total of a list of permissions.
---

# discord_permission (Data Source)

A simple helper to get computed bit total of a list of permissions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "discord_permission" "member" {
  view_channel     = "allow"
  send_messages    = "allow"
  use_vad          = "deny"
  priority_speaker = "deny"
}

data "discord_permission" "moderator" {
  allow_extends    = data.discord_permission.member.allow_bits
  deny_extends     = data.discord_permission.member.deny_bits
  kick_members     = "allow"
  ban_members      = "allow"
  manage_nicknames = "allow"
  view_audit_log   = "allow"
  priority_speaker = "allow"
}

resource "discord_role" "member" {
  // ...
  permissions = data.discord_permission.member.allow_bits
}

resource "discord_role" "moderator" {
  // ...
  permissions = data.discord_permission.moderator.allow_bits
}

resource "discord_channel_permission" "general_mod" {
  type         = "role"
  overwrite_id = discord_role.moderator.id
  allow        = data.discord_permission.moderator.allow_bits
  deny         = data.discord_permission.moderator.deny_bits
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `add_reactions` (String) The value to set for the `add_reactions` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `administrator` (String) The value to set for the `administrator` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `allow_extends` (Number) The base permission bits for allow to extend.
- `attach_files` (String) The value to set for the `attach_files` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `ban_members` (String) The value to set for the `ban_members` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `change_nickname` (String) The value to set for the `change_nickname` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `connect` (String) The value to set for the `connect` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `create_events` (String) The value to set for the `create_events` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `create_expressions` (String) The value to set for the `create_expressions` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `create_instant_invite` (String) The value to set for the `create_instant_invite` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `create_private_threads` (String) The value to set for the `create_private_threads` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `create_public_threads` (String) The value to set for the `create_public_threads` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `deafen_members` (String) The value to set for the `deafen_members` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `deny_extends` (Number) The base permission bits for deny to extend.
- `embed_links` (String) The value to set for the `embed_links` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `kick_members` (String) The value to set for the `kick_members` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_channels` (String) The value to set for the `manage_channels` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_emojis` (String) The value to set for the `manage_emojis` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_events` (String) The value to set for the `manage_events` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_guild` (String) The value to set for the `manage_guild` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_messages` (String) The value to set for the `manage_messages` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_nicknames` (String) The value to set for the `manage_nicknames` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_roles` (String) The value to set for the `manage_roles` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_threads` (String) The value to set for the `manage_threads` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `manage_webhooks` (String) The value to set for the `manage_webhooks` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `mention_everyone` (String) The value to set for the `mention_everyone` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `moderate_members` (String) The value to set for the `moderate_members` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `move_members` (String) The value to set for the `move_members` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `mute_members` (String) The value to set for the `mute_members` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `priority_speaker` (String) The value to set for the `priority_speaker` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `read_message_history` (String) The value to set for the `read_message_history` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `request_to_speak` (String) The value to set for the `request_to_speak` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `send_messages` (String) The value to set for the `send_messages` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `send_thread_messages` (String) The value to set for the `send_thread_messages` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `send_tts_messages` (String) The value to set for the `send_tts_messages` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `send_voice_messages` (String) The value to set for the `send_voice_messages` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `speak` (String) The value to set for the `speak` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `start_embedded_activities` (String) The value to set for the `start_embedded_activities` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `stream` (String) The value to set for the `stream` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `use_application_commands` (String) The value to set for the `use_application_commands` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `use_external_emojis` (String) The value to set for the `use_external_emojis` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `use_external_sounds` (String) The value to set for the `use_external_sounds` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `use_external_stickers` (String) The value to set for the `use_external_stickers` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `use_soundboard` (String) The value to set for the `use_soundboard` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `use_vad` (String) The value to set for the `use_vad` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `view_audit_log` (String) The value to set for the `view_audit_log` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `view_channel` (String) The value to set for the `view_channel` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `view_guild_insights` (String) The value to set for the `view_guild_insights` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)
- `view_monetization_analytics` (String) The value to set for the `view_monetization_analytics` permission bit. Must be `allow`, `unset`, or `deny`. (default `unset`)

### Read-Only

- `allow_bits` (Number) The allow permission bits.
- `deny_bits` (Number) The deny permission bits.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
