---
page_title: "discord_message Resource - discord"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource to create a message
---

# discord_message (Resource)

A resource to create a message

## Example Usage

### Content Example
```terraform
resource "discord_message" "hello_world" {
  channel_id = var.channel_id
  content    = "hello world"
}
```

### Embed Example
```terraform
resource "discord_message" "hello_world" {
  channel_id = var.channel_id

  embed {
    title = "Hello World"

    footer {
      text = "I'm awesome"
    }

    fields {
      name   = "foo"
      value  = "bar"
      inline = true
    }

    fields {
      name   = "bar"
      value  = "baz"
      inline = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel_id` (String) ID of the channel the message will be in.

### Optional

- `content` (String) Text content of message. At least one of `content` or `embed` must be set.
- `edited_timestamp` (String) When the message was edited.
- `embed` (Block List, Max: 1) An embed block. At least one of `content` or `embed` must be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed))
- `pinned` (Boolean) Whether this message is pinned. (default `false`)
- `tts` (Boolean) Whether this message triggers TTS. (default `false`)

### Read-Only

- `author` (String) ID of the user who wrote the message.
- `id` (String) The ID of the message.
- `server_id` (String) ID of the server this message is in.
- `timestamp` (String) When the message was sent.
- `type` (Number) The type of the message.

<a id="nestedblock--embed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed`

Optional:

- `author` (Block List, Max: 1) Author of the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--author))
- `color` (Number) Color of the embed. Must be an integer color code.
- `description` (String) Description of the embed.
- `fields` (Block List) Fields of the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--fields))
- `footer` (Block List, Max: 1) Footer of the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--footer))
- `image` (Block List, Max: 1) Image to be included in the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--image))
- `provider` (Block List, Max: 1) Provider of the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--provider))
- `thumbnail` (Block List, Max: 1) Thumbnail to be included in the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--thumbnail))
- `timestamp` (String) Timestamp of the embed content.
- `title` (String) Title of the embed.
- `url` (String) URL of the embed.
- `video` (Block List, Max: 1) Video to be included in the embed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--embed--video))

<a id="nestedblock--embed--author"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.author`

Optional:

- `icon_url` (String) URL of the author's icon.
- `name` (String) Name of the author.
- `url` (String) URL of the author.

Read-Only:

- `proxy_icon_url` (String) URL to access the author's icon via Discord's proxy.


<a id="nestedblock--embed--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field.

Optional:

- `inline` (Boolean) Whether the field is inline.
- `value` (String) Value of the field.


<a id="nestedblock--embed--footer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.footer`

Required:

- `text` (String) Text of the footer.

Optional:

- `icon_url` (String) URL to an icon to be included in the footer.


<a id="nestedblock--embed--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.image`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the image to be included in the embed.

Optional:

- `height` (Number) Height of the image.
- `width` (Number) Width of the image.

Read-Only:

- `proxy_url` (String) URL to access the image via Discord's proxy.


<a id="nestedblock--embed--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.provider`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the provider.
- `url` (String) URL of the provider.


<a id="nestedblock--embed--thumbnail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.thumbnail`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the thumbnail to be included in the embed.

Optional:

- `height` (Number) Height of the thumbnail.
- `width` (Number) Width of the thumbnail.

Read-Only:

- `proxy_url` (String) URL to access the thumbnail via Discord's proxy.


<a id="nestedblock--embed--video"></a>
### Nested Schema for `embed.video`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the video to be included in the embed.

Optional:

- `height` (Number) Height of the video.
- `width` (Number) Width of the video.




